Hey there,

This.txt file is intended to offer you with the greatest UX possible. This paper, I believe, will assist you in effective testing each feature independently.

If papers.csv does not exist when you run the application for the first time, it will be generated.

You will first be greeted with the Login UI -> credentials can be found in the researchers.xml file.

To gain access to other features, you must correctly enter your username and password.

After successfully login in, you will be taken to the Home Page (Dashboard, Main).

There are 4 Buttons : Follow, Unfollow, My Reading List and Other Researcher's reading Lists.

If you click the Follow button, you will be sent to a page where you will be asked to enter a researcher username.

If you enter an authentic researcher who is both existing and unfollowed, you will receive an output message and be forwarded to the Main Page with the following section modified.

When you follow someone, the follower section of the entered researcher is modified.

If you click the Unfollow button, you will be taken to a page where you will be asked to enter a researcher username.

If you enter an authentic researcher who is both existing and followed, you will receive an output message and be sent to the Main Page, with the following section modified.

When you unfollow someone, the follower section of the entered researcher is modified.

If you select My Reading List, you will be taken to the Reading List Page, which displays the user's reading lists.

By clicking on the names of the reading lists, you may view the papers for each one.

You may remove paper by clicking on it and then pressing the remove paper button.

You can create more Reading Lists by clicking the Add Reading List button. You will be led to the Add Reading Page, where you will be asked to name it.

You can also select the See Papers option. Here you will find papers that are currently available.

There, you can select a Paper and press download to download it, which will increase the number of downloads in papers.csv.

You may also select a Paper and then select the Reading List name from the top drop-down menu and press Add Paper to add the selected paper to the Reading List.

Finally, while on the homepage, you can click on Other Researchers' Reading Lists.

You'll be taken to the Researchers Reading List View. On this page, you will find all Reading Lists by researchers other than you.

Have fun.
